the years I have tried many different
non versions and today I'm going to
share with you my favorite so let's get
started our three cups of flour we'll go
ahead and add half a teaspoon of baking
powder 1 tablespoon of sugar and 1
teaspoon of salt
so in our all-purpose flour we have
added 1/2 a teaspoon baking powder 1
tablespoon of sugar and 1 teaspoon salt
and we'll mix it well and we'll also go
ahead and add one egg so I had beaten
one egg so I'll go ahead and add this in
and for this non recipe I'm using quick
rice instant yeast and what I'm going to
do is I'm just going to take one
teaspoon and add it in about 1/4 of a
cup of water so that this dormant lease
becomes active so just taking one
teaspoon of yeast and we'll mix it in
our one cup of water and we let this
stand for about 10 minutes and then
we'll go ahead and add it with our flour
all right so while our yeast is standing
we go ahead and prep everything else so
salt sugar baking powder egg are in the
bowl here half a cup of milk and two
tablespoons of oil so we'll mix these
well
her yeast will become a little frothy
upon standing so we'll go ahead and add
this in and make a smooth dough soft
smooth dough and you can add water as
required so look at that our yeast has
become a little frothy and that's what
we want we'll go ahead and add this in
look at that or nice and smooth dough
and the more you knead it the softer
your nons will be so the dough has to be
really soft and that's why we are
kneading it
okay once the dough is ready we'll go
ahead cover it up with a damp cloth and
keep it at a warm place for about four
hours and in between you can go ahead
and knead it a little bit again
to keep it soft and then we'll start
preparing our naan bread you can see our
dough is ready we'll go ahead cover it
off with a damp cloth set it aside and
after four hours you will notice that
the dough has doubled in size the volume
has increased and then we'll start
preparing our naan bread look at that
our dough is ready so now I'll show you
how you can make naan bread without an
oven on a pan on a skillet right on
stovetop easy to make and good flavor
you have your round dough goes we'll go
ahead and flatten them out and simply
flatten them out on the shelf if you
need you can add a little bit of oil and
dry flour your rolling pin and flatten
them out please spreading out our dough
to make a nice thin bread like this and
we'll go ahead and put it on our pan the
pan right here be sure it's really hot
so we'll heat it and once it's hard
you'll see the smoke coming out then you
can go ahead and place your bread on to
it
basically very similar process like
making a chapati but if you have hard
time making chapati if they turn out
hard try this with the non dough and it
will turn out so soft and you can always
make a punch and keep it and eat it a
couple of nights later don't really need
to put any oil but if you want you can
so just a little bit and you will see
the dough rising small bubbles and
that's fine just turn it around and push
it down a little bit
this is like a really really soft almost
reminds me of like a culture but it
still tastes like none see it has
started to get brown and it has started
to rise that's what we need we need it
to rise and when you press it that helps
in making the dough rise look at that
both sides are nice and brown so you are
non without oven without grill is ready
on a stovetop so enjoy hey don't forget
to subscribe to eat this dinner and
comment